Adding description for signInAudience for B2C. (#10734)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/application.md

| publicClient | [publicClientApplication](publicclientapplication.md) | Specifies settings for installed clients such as desktop or mobile devices. |
| publisherDomain | String | The verified publisher domain for the application. Read-only.|
| requiredResourceAccess |[requiredResourceAccess](requiredresourceaccess.md) collection|Specifies resources that this application requires access to and the set of OAuth permission scopes and application roles that it needs under each of those resources. This pre-configuration of required resource access drives the consent experience. Not nullable.|

> | signInAudience | String | Specifies the Microsoft accounts that are supported for the current application. Supported values are:<ul><li>`AzureADMyOrg`: Users with a Microsoft work or school account in my organization’s Azure AD tenant (single tenant)</li><li>`AzureADMultipleOrgs`: Users with a Microsoft work or school account in any organization’s Azure AD tenant (multi-tenant).</li><li>`AzureADandPersonalMicrosoftAccount`: Users with a personal Microsoft account, or a work or school account in any organization’s Azure AD tenant.</li><li>`PersonalMicrosoftAccount`: Users with a personal Microsoft account only.</li></ul> For Azure AD B2C, `AzureADandPersonalMicrosoftAccount` is used for authenticating local accounts and the widest set of user identities from Microsoft, Facebook, Google, Twitter, or any OpenID Connect provider, with Azure AD B2C user flows. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| signInAudience | String | Specifies the Microsoft accounts that are supported for the current application. Supported values are:<ul><li>`AzureADMyOrg`: Users with a Microsoft work or school account in my organization’s Azure AD tenant (single tenant)</li><li>`AzureADMultipleOrgs`: Users with a Microsoft work or school account in any organization’s Azure AD tenant (multi-tenant).</li><li>`AzureADandPersonalMicrosoftAccount`: Users with a personal Microsoft account, or a work or school account in any organization’s Azure AD tenant.</li><li>`PersonalMicrosoftAccount`: Users with a personal Microsoft account only.</li></ul>For Azure AD B2C, use `AzureADandPersonalMicrosoftAccount`. This value allows for the widest set of user identities to authenticate with Azure AD B2C user flows, including local accounts and user identities from Microsoft, Facebook, Google, Twitter, or any OpenID Connect provider. |
```
